---
sidebar_position: -1
---
# Version 1.1.1.0

```
Date: 25.04.2025
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

The Shakti Platform release includes UI/UX enhancements and important bug fixes, leading to a more stable and reliable experience.

---

The updates in release are categorized under the following sections:

- [UI/UX Enhancements](#ui-and-ux-enhancements)
- [UI Fixes](#ui-fixes)
- [Bug Fixes](#bug-fixes)

### UI and UX Enhancements

- The sign-up process has been enhanced by displaying the country code with the country name and a + sign, allowing users to search for country codes by name in the sign-up screen.
- When users export transactions to a CSV file, the file name is now changed from `export` to `Transactions`, and a currency code column has been added to the excel sheet to accommodate transactions involving two different currencies.

#### UI Fixes

- A few users were unable to view the country code list or update details. The issue has been resolved.
- Some users encountered field-validation issues during profile creation. All the validation problems have been addressed.
- Users encountered inconsistencies and alignment issues across screens. All such UI issues have been fixed to ensure consistent UI behavior.
- Issues with editing and updating child user details, including missing update messages, have been fixed.
- Users experienced issues with the Storage Service, including incorrect pricing display for 500 GB and quantity settings not defaulting to 500 or allowing increments of 50. Both issues have been resolved.


#### Bug Fixes

- Users faced issues with creating new tickets, ticket creation by child users, and not receiving confirmation emails after ticket submission. All these issues have been resolved.
- Some users encountered an issue where the quantity was defaulted to 1 and could not be changed on various screens. The issue has been fixed, and users can now select the desired quantity.
- Some users encountered an error while purchasing a resource. The issue has been resolved.
- Upon logging in with a Child User account, the child user had the option to edit or delete/deactivate the master account. The issue has been resolved.
- Some users encountered an error that the Select Backup is Optional field prevented storage creation when no backup was selected. The issue has been resolved.
- Some users reported that newly created accounts were incorrectly showing an existing child user from another account and pre-existing tickets. This issue has been resolved, new accounts now start with no associated users or tickets.
- The users encountered an issue with AI Endpoint, where the "Shakti AI Endpoint usage" product was not available after selecting the 50 "Shakti AI Endpoint" product, despite it being mandatory. The issue has been resolved.
- The users encountered an issue in the adding wallet balance; the transaction number and amount were missing under the wallet section, and the transaction ID was not displayed at One Yotta. The issue has been fixed.
- The "Internal Server Error" (status code 500) was encountered when trying to post a new external project. The issue has been resolved.
- Some users faced an issue when trying to redeem a voucher, where the redemption failed with a 401 Unauthorized error, and the submit button remained in a loading state. The issue has been fixed.
- After deselecting the HSS storage plan, the Optional Backup Storage plan was not deselected as per the business rule. The issue has been resolved.