---
sidebar_position: -4
---
# Version 2.5.2.0
```
Date: 02.07.2025
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This is a minor release that brings a set of enhancements focused on improving the flexibility and performance of the Apiculus platform. These updates aim to strengthen the overall system and deliver a more secure and reliable experience for users.
## Platform Security Enhancements

The release includes several security improvements focused on strengthening the platform’s stability and reliability. The following enhancements reflect ongoing efforts to maintain a secure and resilient environment for all users.

- [TDS Deduction on Tax Amount](#tds-deduction-on-tax-amount)
- [CIDR Blocking Option in VPC Creation](#cidr-blocking-option-in-vpc-creation)
- [Invoice Notification](#invoice-notification)
### TDS Deduction on Tax Amount

End-Users can now record Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) on both the total invoice amount and the tax component. This enhancement gives users greater control over tax and accounting processes by allowing TDS to be applied directly where needed.
### CIDR Blocking Option in VPC Creation

This enhancement  enables service providers to block specific Classless Inter Domain Routing (CIDR) ranges preventing end users from creating Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) using those blocked ranges. This option is configurable via the system backend, and the user interface has been updated to clearly show which ranges are blocked. When creating a VPC, the system will automatically prevent the selection of any IP addresses within the blocked ranges. These improvements enhance network governance and reduce configuration errors.
### Invoice Notification

Admin users will now receive email notification for open estimates that have not yet been converted into invoices. This enhancement offers improved visibility into pending invoice generation and helps minimise the risk of revenue loss by ensuring timely tracking of financial items.
#### Other Improvements and Fixes

- **Bulk Payments Template**: Resolved a user interface issue in the bulk payments template within the Transactions section of the administrator console.

- **StorPool Disk Mapping**: Fixed an issue where disk offerings were mapped incorrectly when using StorPool storage. The disk offering now correctly aligns with the intended StorPool tier.
 
- **Minor Bug fixes**