---
sidebar_position: -3
---
# Version 2.5.1.0
```
Date: 15.05.2025
Type: Minor
```

## About this Release

This minor release introduces critical security improvements to the Apiculus system, alongside a key feature enhancement. This release strengthens the Apiculus platform security with enhanced controls and automated license management for VNF Fortinet Firewalls.
## Enhancements
- [Platform Security Enhancements](#platform-security-enhancements)
- [Automated License Management for VNF](#automated-license-management-for-vnf)

### Platform Security Enhancements

This release includes a set of security improvements designed to enhance the stability and reliability of the Apiculus platform. These updates reflect our continued commitment to providing a secure and resilient environment for all users.
#### Key Highlights

- Improved input handling and data validation processes.
- Strengthened access and session control mechanisms.
- Internal hardening of service endpoints for enhanced security.
- Upgraded critical libraries and platform components for better performance and stability.

#### Impact
This release strengthens Apiculus platform integrity and aligns it with industry security standards. By improving system controls and automating key processes, these updates enhance security and reliability, reducing vulnerabilities and ensuring compliance with the latest best practices. 
### Automated License Management for VNF

Apiculus now enables service providers to deliver Fortinet Firewalls with the innovative FortiFlex licensing and pricing model, offering end-users a seamless and intuitive experience for deploying and managing Fortinet Firewalls. Users can quickly set up their firewalls with ease, while the system automatically generates and applies licenses in the background during startup—removing the need for any manual intervention.

Service providers will continue to manage license pricing using the current template and compute pricing models, ensuring a simple and consistent approach.





