---
sidebar_position: -2
---
# Version 2.5.0.0
```
Date: 27.01.2025
Type: Major
```

## About this Release

This is a major release with the following new features across the Apiculus® system:
- [New Features](#new-features)
- [Benefits of the Update](#benefits-of-the-update)

---

### New Features
The following are the new features in this release:

- [Estimates: E-invoice Integration](#estimates-e-invoice-integration)
- [TDS Payments Support](#tax-deducted-at-source-tds-payments-support)
- [Support for Multiple Billers](#support-for-multiple-billers)

#### Estimates: E-invoice Integration
This feature automates and streamlines the invoicing process, providing better control to admin users, integrating with the Invoice Revenue Portal (IRP) for seamless invoice management, and improving operational efficiency on the Service Provider Admin Portal. It ensures GST-compliant invoice generation with greater accuracy and reduces manual errors.

##### Highlights

- Automates the invoicing lifecycle from estimate generation to final invoice publication.
- Streamlines operations and reduces manual interventions.
- Supports mandatory e-invoicing requirements, including Invoice Reference Numbers (IRN) and QR code generation.
- Integrates seamlessly with IRP systems for reporting.
- Provides detailed tracking and audit trails for invoices, enhancing visibility and traceability for admins and finance teams.
- Service Provider Admins gain centralised control over invoicing tasks.

#### Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) Payments Support

This feature enables users to manage and track TDS deductions directly and easily within the platform.

The TDS Payment Support feature includes:

- Configurable TDS percentages at the account level.
- TDS tracking for invoices via the Admin Portal.
- Enhanced profile settings to distinguish between organisation and individual accounts.
- End-users can now pay the TDS amount from the Subscriber portal.

##### Highlights

- Enables Cloud Service Providers (CSPs) to register TDS payments against invoices, ensuring accurate tax reporting.
- Enhances admin control by enabling the monitoring of TDS records and the configuration of default/custom TDS percentages.

#### Support for Multiple Billers

This feature supports the management of multiple biller entities within a single account, improving operational efficiency.

##### Highlights

- Allows flexibility in creating and managing invoices for multiple billers.
- Automatically maps subscribers to the default biller entity based on their state during account creation. Admins can manually map subscribers to a specific biller entity via an interactive dropdown interface.
- Simplifies billing operations for businesses with diverse billing needs, ensuring accurate inclusion of biller-specific information such as GSTIN, state codes, and digital signatures. It adheres to Indian invoicing standards, including IRN and QR code generation.

### Benefits of the Update

- Greater flexibility in billing and invoicing processes.
- Reduced manual effort, leading to improved efficiency and productivity.